<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="i2619"><title>Add or Change Company Roles</title><shortdesc>Roles identify groups of people who perform a similar function. Each role created is assigned access to specific UltiPro menus, tabs, pages, tours, and overviews. Role assignment determines the actions available to a user. </shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2011-03-07T11:21:56"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Security"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="ESS"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="empl"/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>Roles can be configured to have limited access to functional areas of the application. Role type assignments determine the access available to a user assigned to a role. When you create a role, you must associate the role with at least one role type. This can be a one-to-many relationship (one role is associated with many role types) or a one-to-one relationship (one role is associated with one role type). </p><p>User access to employee information can be further restricted with the use of qualifiers (for example, component company, region, pay group). Role type assignment determines the qualifiers available for user role assignments. For example, the Manager role type has component company, supervisor, location, and organization levels as available qualifiers, whereas the Payroll role type only has the pay group qualifier available. </p></conbody></concept>