<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i2601"><title>Delete Company Roles</title><shortdesc>Delete company roles from the Role Administration page.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2011-03-03T10:36:30"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Help"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Security"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="ESYSA"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="Default Value"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="syst-admin"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>When you delete a company role, UltiPro removes role access and associated qualifiers from assigned users. You cannot delete a role when any or all of the following apply:</p>
         <ul><li>The role is the only role assigned to a user.</li><li>The role is assigned as an Approver or Observer role in a business process.</li><li>The role is a New Hire default role for the master company.</li></ul>
         <p>A message appears when you attempt to remove a role if it is the only role assigned to a user. Users with no role assignment cannot access UltiPro. It is recommended to remove the users from the role before deleting the role.</p>
         <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Menu System Configuration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Security</uicontrol><uicontrol>Role Administration</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Role Administration</uicontrol> page, check the box for each role you would like to delete.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Delete Role</uicontrol>. A confirmation message appears.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Role Administration </uicontrol>page appears without the selected roles.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody><related-links><link href="RoleBasedSecurity-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Role-Based Security</linktext></link><link href="UsersAssignedToARole-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Users Assigned to a Role</linktext></link><link href="RemoveRolesFromUsers-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Remove Roles from Users</linktext></link></related-links></task>