<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="concept_g4c_zky_yx"><title>Disclaimer for Guide</title><shortdesc props="excludeCheck"><tm tmtype="reg">UltiPro</tm> is a registered trademark of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.</shortdesc><conbody><p props="excludeCheck">This document is for Ultimate Software use only. No part of this document may be reproduced in any form or by any means or stored in a database or retrieval system without the prior written authorization of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. Information in this document is subject to change without notice. The document is confidential information of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. and may not be disseminated to any third party. Nothing herein constitutes legal advice, tax advice, or any other advice.</p><p props="excludeCheck">© 2018 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. <tm tmtype="reg">UltiPro</tm> is a registered trademark of The Ultimate Software Group, Inc.</p><p props="excludeCheck">All other company and product names referenced herein are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.</p><p props="excludeCheck">Liability/Disclaimer</p><p props="excludeCheck">The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. makes no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy or completeness of the document and specifically disclaims any responsibility or representation for other vendor’s software. The terms and conditions of the license, Intersourcing, SaaS, or other agreement regarding the software or services provided by Ultimate Software, which is the subject of the documentation contained herein, govern this document. All company, organization, person, and event references are fictional. Any resemblance to actual companies, organizations, persons, and events is entirely coincidental. Nothing herein should be considered legal or tax advice. All legal or tax questions or concerns should be directed to your legal counsel or tax consultant.</p></conbody></concept>