<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="commonCmd"><title>Common cmd warehouse topic</title><shortdesc props="excludeCheck">This is the common cmd warehouse topic. This topic should never be included in a DITAMap, it is used ONLY for conrefs.</shortdesc><taskbody><steps><step><cmd id="J736759">Select <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="S378285">Select <uicontrol>Close</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="D109999">Select <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="P645448">Select <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="Y196410">Select <uicontrol>Go</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="N777594">Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="X294187">Select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="D867122">Select <uicontrol>Print</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="H214424">Select <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="G403784">Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="L515752">Select <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="K716801">Select <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="V765203">Close Cognos Viewer.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="H998051">Select the Globe icon to enter descriptions in additional languages.</cmd><info>
                    <draft-comment author="ZacharyB">To be removed as a common cmd.</draft-comment>
                </info></step><step><cmd id="I986602">Select X to close the employee record.</cmd><info>
                    <draft-comment author="ZacharyB">Review.</draft-comment>
                </info></step><step><cmd id="E364224">Enter a stub description to appear on the employee pay statement.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="C704095">From the Report Category drop-down list, select the applicable report category.</cmd><info>
                    <draft-comment author="ZacharyB">Talk to author - can we change this to "Select a report category."</draft-comment>
                </info></step><step><cmd id="S275334">Select the employee name.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="D832368">Enter a description.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="H372039">Run the report.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="G255504">From the <uicontrol>Review Summary</uicontrol> page, complete one of the following:</cmd><info>
                    <draft-comment author="ZacharyB">See if we can find out how this is handled elsewhere?</draft-comment>
                </info></step><step><cmd id="G126207">Log off Business Intelligence and UltiPro.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="J808395">Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> to continue entering review information.</cmd><info>
                    <draft-comment author="ZacharyB">Perhaps we need an "Getting Started w/ UltiPro functionality job aid that would include Save and Save and Close"</draft-comment>
                </info></step><step><cmd id="C820564">Save the report.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="V616554">Select the Schedule icon to view or modify the payroll processing schedule.</cmd><info>
                    <draft-comment author="ZacharyB">Need to research this - where used.</draft-comment>
                </info></step><step><cmd id="A621787">Enter a code.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Should we combine code and description?</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="K267038">In the <uicontrol>Block Taxes</uicontrol> section, check the tax boxes to be blocked.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="P982771">In the <uicontrol>Pay Statement Options</uicontrol> section, check the <uicontrol>Calculate Pay Rate If Hours Exist</uicontrol> box, if applicable.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="E575329">In the <uicontrol>Rules</uicontrol> section, select the applicable calculation rule from the <uicontrol>Calculation</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="S439939">Modify the time clock code if you require a different code from the earnings Code field default.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">What is the field name? Code? or Earnings Code? Look at context.</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="M871608">Review the <uicontrol>Summary</uicontrol> page.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="I981703">Select the appropriate tab.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Is this really necessary as a step? How do I know what the appropriate tab is?</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="B142468">If earnings are not active, uncheck the <uicontrol>Active</uicontrol> box; otherwise, the <uicontrol>Active</uicontrol> box is checked by default.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Katherine is working on this.</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="P202354">From the <uicontrol>Standard</uicontrol> toolbar, select the <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol> icon.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="P193636">In the <uicontrol>Include Earnings In</uicontrol> section, select all applicable fields for the earnings.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="H218151">Add data items to the work area.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="N259211">Check the <uicontrol>Append Salary</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Hourly to Stub Description</uicontrol> box. The Append Salary or Hourly to Stub Description appears on the employee's pay statement.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Need to refactor for step-result.</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="A549900">Enter the values for each field:</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">need to look at the context.</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="Z244510">In the <uicontrol>Pay Entry Options</uicontrol> section, select the <uicontrol>Display in Pay Data Entry</uicontrol> for earnings that commonly occur in every pay period.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Is this a checkbox? Commonly occur in every? Can something occur sometimes every time?</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="J910227">Save the report to <uicontrol>My Folders</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="F245615">Select a goal plan. Goals assigned to the goal plan appear on the Goal Planning Details page.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Remove as reusable step because of stepresult embedded in cmd.</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="C179851">Select the <uicontrol>Data Items</uicontrol> tab.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Analyze usage - do we need to select the tab?</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="H257149">Validate the expression.</cmd></step><step><cmd id="H238692">Validate the expression and then select <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Each action should be a step, and we have Select OK and Validate the Expression as common cmds already.</draft-comment></info></step><step><cmd id="cmd_ikd_lt4_2bb">Run the report in HTML format, review the report output, and then close the report viewer.</cmd><info><draft-comment author="zak_binder@ultimatesoftware.com">Should this be 3 steps? Do we need "review the report output?" what is the context?</draft-comment></info></step></steps></taskbody></task>