<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i54686"><title>Configure Deduction/Benefit Plan</title><shortdesc>Add a Charitable deduction/benefit plan to the Deduction/Benefit Plan business rules table.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2016-11-18T16:53:55"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/><platform>Portal</platform></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Deductions"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>When completed, add the new deduction to the deduction/benefit group in the business rules. </p>
         <p><menucascade><uicontrol>System Configuration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Business Rules</uicontrol><uicontrol>Deduction/Benefit Plans</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the Deduction/Benefit Plan page, select Add Deduction/Benefit Plan.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Enter an effective date for the plan.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Country drop-down list, select the appropriate country.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Code field, enter a unique code.</cmd></step><step><cmd conref="common-cmd.dita#commonCmd/D832368"></cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the Globe icon to enter descriptions in extra languages, if applicable.</cmd><info>
               <note othertype="bestpractice" type="other">
                  <p>Select the Globe icon to add descriptions in languages other than U.S. English for text or message fields visible to employees. This text ensures that descriptions and messages display in an employee's preferred available language.</p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>From the Employee Description field, enter a description. This field defaults to the value in the Description field.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the Enrollment Message text box. The Enrollment Message HTML Text Editor page appears. Tabs at the bottom of this page enable you to enter either text (in Design Mode) or HTML.</cmd><info>
               <note othertype="bestpractice" type="other">
                  <p>When in Design mode, use the formatting icons to add emphasis, such as colors, boldface, and italics, to your message. You can also select from a range of fonts, font sizes, formatting, and style options. Web links and links to internal documents can also be provided. Switch to HTML mode if you wish to enter HTML code.</p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>From the HTML Text Editor page, enter and format a meaningful message about this deduction/benefit plan. This message displays to employees when making elections during open enrollment sessions.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select Save. The Main page appears, with the new message in the Enrollment Message box.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the Globe icon to enter a message in extra languages, if applicable.</cmd></step><step><cmd>At the Stub Description field, enter a concise description to appear on the employee pay statement. </cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Deduction Type drop-down list, select Other. </cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Benefit Provider drop-down list, select a benefit provider, if applicable.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Plan Administrator drop-down list, select a plan administrator, if applicable.</cmd><info>
               <note othertype="bestpractice" type="other">
                  <p>The values that appear in the Benefit Provider and Plan Administrator fields are populated from entries to the Providers, Admin., Payees, and Vendors business rule. It is recommended that you complete entries to that business rule before creating deduction/benefit plans, although you can return to this field and make a selection later.</p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>From the Registration Number field, enter the registration number associated with the charity, if applicable.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Report Category drop-down list, select the applicable report category, if needed.</cmd><info>
               <note othertype="bestpractice" type="other">
                  <p>The values that appear in the Report Category field are populated from entries to the Reporting Category business rule.</p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>Modify the Time Clock Code, if your import source file contains a different code from the Code field default.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the Deduction Start and Stop Dates section, select the earliest date that employees can enroll in the plan and deductions start. </cmd></step><step><cmd>At the Plan Year Begins field, enter the date when the plan begins, using MMDD format. </cmd></step><step><cmd>In the Rules section, select the applicable rules for coverage and deduction start and stop.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the Cheque Handling section, if this deduction/benefit plan is included on additional and manual cheques, select the applicable boxes.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the Arrears Handling section, to configure how arrears for this deduction/benefit plan is handled, select the applicable boxes. </cmd><info>
               <note othertype="bestpractice" type="other">
                  <p>Depending on the type of deduction, you may include this deduction on additional or manual cheques, although it is not commonly done for charitable deductions. However, you may allow a partial amount to be deducted when an employee's earnings are not sufficient to deduct the entire amount. </p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>Select Next. The Tax page appears.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Tax page, select a tax category for the deduction/benefit plan. The Charitable Donations tax category can be used to report the charitable amounts directly to Canada Revenu Agency (CRA). The Voluntary tax category can be used if the charity reports wages to CRA and you are deducting the charitable amounts as a courtesy to send to the charity.</cmd><info>
               <note type="note">
                  <p>To populate the charitable donation amount on form T4 in box 46, check the applicable box.</p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>Select Next. The Calculations page appears.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Employee section, select the calculation rule for this deduction/benefit plan from the Amount drop-down list. A Flat Amount calculation rule is typically used. Since the company-level calculation option is defined, the only option for employees to select is the amount of their flat amount contribution.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select a goal calculation from the Goal field, if applicable.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select Next. The Payroll page appears.</cmd></step><step><cmd>In the Scheduled Pay Periods by Default section, check the applicable boxes to establish a default payroll schedule for this deduction/benefit plan.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select Next. The Summary page appears. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Review all selections on the Summary page. Select Back to return to a page where you wish to make a change. If no modifications are required, select Save. The Deduction/Benefit Plan summary page appears.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody></task>