<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i924"><title>Add or Change Employee Pay Check Details</title><shortdesc>Add or change employee pay check details, including instant and adjustment checks, on the View/Change Employee Pay Check page.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2010-08-06T11:47:15"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="EPAY"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="WPREmployeePayDetail.aspx"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="payroll"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>The <uicontrol>View/Change Employee Pay Check</uicontrol> page displays regular, additional, adjustment, or instant checks. Complete the following processes for each type of check:<note type="note">Depending on the way you access the Employee Pay Check Details screen (for example, when processing guided adjustment or standard adjustment checks), the page may appear with different field labels or editable information.</note></p>
         <ul><li>Add or delete earnings</li><li>Add or delete deductions</li><li>Change earnings hours or dollar amounts</li><li>Change deduction amounts</li><li>Delete the current check or recreate a new check of the same type</li><li>Change the columns that appear in the earnings, deductions, or taxes grid</li></ul>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>View/Change Employee Pay Check</uicontrol> page, if creating an instant check, complete the following:</cmd><info>
               <ul><li>Enter a pay date</li><li>Select if the check is Post Only</li><li>Enter the check number (this field is not required if you select to print an off-cycle check)</li><li>Select a bank</li><li>Check the <uicontrol>Gross Up</uicontrol> box for a U.S. employee to add a gross up pay calculation for taxes and earnings.<note type="note">
                        <p>Gross up pay calculations can be performed for flat amount earnings codes and taxes on additional and instant checks.</p>
                     </note>
                  </li><li>Select the <uicontrol>Bypass Minimum Wage Validations</uicontrol> box for a U.S. employee to continue processing the pay check without validating minimum wage requirements. </li></ul>
            </info></step><step><cmd>For all types of checks, select the tax frequency.</cmd></step><step><cmd>For a regular or additional pay, select the check distribution method.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Earnings </uicontrol>area, complete one of the following:</cmd><info>
               <ul><li>To add earnings, select <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</li><li>To change earnings, modify the hours or dollar amounts in a row.</li></ul>
            </info></step><step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Deductions </uicontrol>area, complete one of the following:</cmd><info>
               <ul><li>To add deductions, select <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>.</li><li>To change deductions, modify the dollar amounts in a row.</li><li>To change gross up earnings and tax amounts, modify the dollar amounts in a row.</li></ul>
               <note type="note">When updating taxes for a Guided Adjustment, the earnings and deductions area is not editable.</note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Taxes </uicontrol>area, modify a dollar amount, if applicable.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save </uicontrol>to recalculate the amounts and save the updated check.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody><related-links><link href="PayrollProcessingManagement-c.dita"><linktext>Payroll Processing Management</linktext></link><link href="PayrollProcessing-CAN-c.dita"><linktext>Payroll Processing</linktext></link><link href="GrossUpEarningsAndTaxesForNetPayAmounts-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Gross up Earnings and Taxes for Net Pay Amounts</linktext></link><link href="ManageAdjustments_d7e1261371-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Manage Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="PayrollProcessingResultsManagement-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Payroll Processing Results Management</linktext></link><link href="GuidedAdjustmentEditTaxes-USA-t.dita#dnl_32f_3fb"></link></related-links></task>