<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i55710"><title>Close the Payroll </title><shortdesc>Close your payroll to finish the payroll process. Once the Finish step is completed, the payroll is closed and the next scheduled payroll is now available to start. </shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-02-07T22:17:51"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/><platform>Portal</platform></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Payroll Processing"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>NAVIGATION: <menucascade><uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol><uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Processing</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol><uicontrol>select a pay group</uicontrol></menucascade>
         </p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the Payroll Overview page, select Finish payroll. When completed, the pay period is closed and all accumulators are updated. All scheduled export files are generated, including ACH Direct Deposit, Wage Attachments, Tax Liability, and Checks.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From your File Transfers, confirm the creation of the Tax Filing and Wage Attachment Export Files. The naming conventions for these files are:</cmd><info>
               <ul><li>Tax File: <p>OLD1000_OLDCA_UTFSTAX_[Pay Group Code]_[PayDate]_[CreationDate]_[FileID].pts</p>
                  </li><li>Wage Attachment File: </li></ul>
               <p>OLD1000_OLDCA_ULTIWAD_[Pay GroupCode]_[PayDate]_[CreationDate]_[FileID].wag </p>
            </info></step><step><cmd>From the Monitoring page, verify the status of the automated files if you do not see copies of the file.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Notify your payroll team that wage files have been sent </cmd></step><step><cmd>Request the Wage Analysis report.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Send finance funding documents within your organization.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Communicate to your bank and provide the Direct Deposit Files, Positive Pay Files, and negative positive pay file for any voided checks.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody></task>