<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTIREFERENCE//EN" "ultiReference.dtd" [
]>
<reference id="i55704"><title>Confirmation and Balancing</title><shortdesc>Balance your completed payroll and create funding documents. Run additional posted payroll audit reports, as needed.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-02-07T22:04:38"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/><platform>Portal</platform></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Payroll Processing"/></metadata></prolog><refbody><section>
         <p>Several reports are generated when payroll is closed. These reports are also available for Canada payrolls (the letters "CAN" appear at the end of the report names to designate Canada reports). </p>
         <p>Review these payroll audit reports:</p>
         <table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.58*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1.42*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/Q774929"></entry><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/S750469"></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Detail Payroll Register</entry><entry>Provides a listing of all transactions for the pay period. Print this report each pay period and maintain it as the hard copy audit for pay statements issued to each employee. This report does not provide employer payroll amounts.</entry></row><row><entry>Summary Payroll Register</entry><entry>Provides a grand total of the payroll's gross-to-net breakdown, detailing all earnings, deductions, and taxes for employee and employer amounts.<p>This report should be used to reconcile the payroll with the Cash Analysis.</p>
                     </entry></row><row><entry>Pay Check Register</entry><entry>Provides those employees receiving live checks on this payroll. Includes the check number, pay date, net amount, and more.</entry></row><row><entry>Direct Deposit Register</entry><entry>Provides those employees receiving direct deposits on this payroll. Includes, bank information and deposit amounts.</entry></row><row><entry>Detail Deductions by Deduction Code</entry><entry>Includes deduction subtotals, by deduction code, for the pay period or periods selected and includes information for each employee. Used for Deductions included on the Wage Attachment export.</entry></row><row><entry>Retro Tax Adjustments Reconciliation Detail</entry><entry>Provides list of any tax changes that are retroactively applied to previous payrolls. The liabilities from these tax changes are applied to the current processed payroll. This report should be used to reconcile with the Cash Analysis.</entry></row><row><entry>Tax Liability Grand Total</entry><entry>Provides the agricultural federal, state, and local tax liabilities incurred for the pay period or periods selected. Use this report each pay period to obtain the tax deposit amounts for the taxes incurred for the pay period. The report can also be run for any pay period in order to make tax deposits, balance Forms 941, and verify Forms W-2 totals.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
         <p>In addition to these reports, the following Canada post payroll reports are available:</p>
         <ul><li>Negative Wage Detail (CAN)</li><li>Pensionable and Insurable Earnings Review (PIER)</li><li>Employees Not Paid Edit Listing (CAN)</li><li>Tax Liability Grand Total (CAN)</li></ul>
      </section></refbody></reference>