<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i56323"><title>Create Reversing Entries</title><shortdesc>Reverse a payroll entry to remove wages containing an incorrect tax jurisdiction or tax category. </shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-03-17T19:45:45"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version="UltiPro v12.1.2"/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Help"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="EPAY"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="wprcreatereversingentries.aspx"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="payroll"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <ul><li>Reversing entries do not remove direct deposit history: If you reverse a payment that should have been voided, the General Ledger may not balance because direct deposits were not reversed. Manually update the General Ledger after reversing a payment.</li><li>Reversing entries do not adjust arrears: Manually update employee arrears balance after reversing a payment, if needed.</li><li>Reversing entries do not remove accruals: Manually adjust accruals on the employee’s profile after reversing a payment, if needed.</li></ul>
         <p>Any payments made within the current year or immediate prior year can be reversed. Reversals posts to the pay period in the selected quarter. Do not reverse employee opening balances; contact your Account Manager for correction to opening balances.</p>
         <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol><uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol><uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol><uicontrol>Manage Adjustments</uicontrol><uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol><uicontrol>Create Reversing Entries</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Create Reversing Entries</uicontrol> page, use the <uicontrol>Find By</uicontrol> option to search for employees. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the employee's name. The <uicontrol>Reversing Entries</uicontrol> page appears.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody><related-links><link href="OffCyclePayrolls-CAN-c.dita"><linktext>Off-Cycle Payrolls</linktext></link><link href="ReviewPayGroupPayPeriods-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Review Pay Group Pay Periods</linktext></link><link href="ManageAdjustments_d7e1261371-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Manage Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="CreateAdjustments-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Create Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="ProcessReversingEntries-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Process Reversing Entries</linktext></link></related-links></task>