<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i56322"><title>Create Adjustments</title><shortdesc>Manage Adjustments provides you the ability to update payments made to employees, calculate additional taxes due for the quarter, and report the information on the quarter-end returns.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-03-17T19:00:05"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Help"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="ESYSA"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey2" content="EPAY"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="wpremployeeadjustmentcreate.aspx"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="payroll"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>Use the<uicontrol> Create Adjustments</uicontrol> page to select your employees requiring adjustments. Only employees your role is qualified to view appears from this page. Before creating adjustments, use the <uicontrol>Add </uicontrol>or <uicontrol>Remove </uicontrol>buttons to compile a list of employees requiring adjustments.</p>
         <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol><uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol><uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol><uicontrol>Manage Adjustments</uicontrol><uicontrol>Add</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Create Adjustment</uicontrol> page, select the quarter to which your adjustments will post. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Add Employees</uicontrol> page appears.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select each employee requiring an adjustment. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>. The employees are listed from the <uicontrol>Create Adjustments</uicontrol> page. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>. A message appears indicating how many adjustments were created. Adjustment are created for every employee listed on this page. </cmd></step></steps></taskbody><related-links><link href="OffCyclePayrolls-CAN-c.dita"><linktext>Off-Cycle Payrolls</linktext></link><link href="ReviewPayGroupPayPeriods-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Review Pay Group Pay Periods</linktext></link><link href="ManageAdjustments_d7e1261371-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Manage Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="CreateReversingEntries-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Create Reversing Entries</linktext></link><link href="ProcessReversingEntries-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Process Reversing Entries</linktext></link></related-links></task>