<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="t4y_x4m_bdb"><title> Time Import Validation Tools</title><shortdesc>Multiple resources and reports are available to help you validate time import data and correct exceptions to ensure accuracy.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version="UltiPro v12.2.2"/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Payroll"/><othermeta name="functional area" content="Payroll"/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>The following items are available to help you verify data in the import file:</p><table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry>Tool Name</entry><entry>Description</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry><uicontrol>Time Import File History Page</uicontrol></entry><entry>Accessed from <uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol>, this page provides details of the imported time files. This page indicates if the file has been imported successfully or if the file includes exceptions. Employee details appear based on your security settings.</entry></row><row><entry><uicontrol>Time Import Details Page</uicontrol>
                        </entry><entry>Accessed from <uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol>, this page populates after you process the Bring in Time step and then clears after you complete the Submit step. This information supplements the Time Clock Balancing report details, so both can be used to validate your imported time.</entry></row><row><entry>Time Import Exceptions Report</entry><entry>Accessed from the Exceptions link on the Payroll Overview page (<uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Payroll Processing</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol> > <uicontrol>select pay group</uicontrol>), includes errors that occurred during the time clock import. If the link does not appear,  there are no import exceptions. </entry></row><row><entry>Time Clock Balancing Report</entry><entry>Accessed from the Standards Reports page (<uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Reporting</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Standard Reports</uicontrol> &gt; <uicontrol>Completed</uicontrol>), includes a summary of all employee data that was imported via the time clock import.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><note type="note">Report names are appended with the pay group code and period control number.</note></conbody></concept><?oxy_options track_changes="on"?>