<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i1134"><title>Import Time for Multiple Pay Groups</title><shortdesc>You can import time clock files from alternate sources for multiple pay groups on the Import Time payroll step.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2010-08-06T11:47:58"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Help"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="EPAY"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="Default Value"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="payroll"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>The Import Time page enables you to select templates to import time for multiple pay groups. You can select multiple files for each pay group and for each template, if applicable. You can also import a single file using multiple templates. For example, a single file that includes both earnings and deductions requires a separate template for each; you can select the appropriate templates and select the same file for each template.</p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol>, select the<uicontrol> By Status </uicontrol>view option.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Click the box next to multiple pay groups for which to import time. </cmd><info>
               <note type="note">
                  <p>Only pay groups associated with a payroll model that allows time import and where the pay group is ready for time import are available for this step.</p>
               </note>
            </info></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Run</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Import Time</uicontrol> page appears and each pay group is listed under the <uicontrol>Pay Group</uicontrol> heading.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Import Time </uicontrol>page, select an import template.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Browse to the location of the alternate source file.</cmd></step><step><cmd conref="common-cmd.dita#commonCmd/H214424"></cmd></step></steps></taskbody><related-links><link href="PayrollProcessingManagement-c.dita"><linktext>Payroll Processing Management</linktext></link></related-links></task>