<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="i4384"><title>Manage Adjustments</title><shortdesc>Manage Adjustments provides you the ability to update payments made to employees, calculate additional taxes due, and report the information.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2011-10-20T07:43:19"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Help"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="ESYSA"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey2" content="EPAY"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="EmployeeAdjustmentSummary.aspx"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName2" content="WPREmployeeAdjustmentSummary.aspx"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="payroll"/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>Adjustments provide you the ability to update payments made to employees, calculate additional taxes due, and report the information.</p><p>From the Manage Adjustments page, you can view any pending adjustments or create an adjustment for an employee who does not have any pending checks.</p><p>To create an adjustment select Add  and the Create Adjustment pop-up window appears. Select one of the following adjustment types:<ul><li>Create Standard Adjustment – Available to adjust the payroll history for U.S. and Canada. Standard adjustments allow you to adjust multiple employees for a single quarter.</li><li>Create Guided Adjustment – Available to update a work location for a U.S. employee. Create a guided adjustment to move and reconcile wages and taxes for a single employee for a year.</li></ul></p><p>Complete the details of the adjustment on the Create Adjustment page. When completed, select the check box for the applicable employee and select Post.<note type="note">For Payment Services customers, once all adjustments and reversals are posted for all payroll changes, select Notify to send a notification to Payment Services. This notification prompts Payment Services to create a case and process any tax filing amendment. Review your adjustment cases from the Customer Success Portal, if needed.</note></p></conbody><related-links><link href="OffCyclePayrolls-CAN-c.dita"><linktext>Off-Cycle Payrolls</linktext></link><link href="ReviewPayGroupPayPeriods-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Review Pay Group Pay Periods</linktext></link><link href="CreateAdjustments-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Create Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="CreateReversingEntries-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Create Reversing Entries</linktext></link><link href="ProcessReversingEntries-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Process Reversing Entries</linktext></link><link href="ProcessGuidedAdjustmentWorkLocUpdate-USA-t.dita#fpl_dm2_3fb"></link></related-links></concept>