<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i56324"><title>Process Reversing Entries</title><shortdesc>Reverse a payroll entry to remove wages containing an incorrect tax jurisdiction or tax category. </shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-03-17T20:22:46"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version="UltiPro v12.1.2"/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Help"/><othermeta name="helpProductKey1" content="EPAY"/><othermeta name="helpProductPageName1" content="wprcreatereversingentriessummarydetail.aspx"/><othermeta name="helpRole1" content="payroll"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>From the <uicontrol>Summary </uicontrol>tab, you can select which year to reverse the entry (current or previous year) and use the <uicontrol>Pay Date Range</uicontrol> selectors to limit your search.  </p>
         <p>The <uicontrol>Reverse </uicontrol>check box column enables you to select one or more documents to be reversed at the same time. The <uicontrol>Details </uicontrol>tab displays one check at a time with all associated check detail information for the selected document.</p>
         <p>Reversing an entry for any employee payment, whether for a prior year or prior quarter, require an adjustment. Select <uicontrol>Notify </uicontrol>from the <uicontrol>Manage Adjustments</uicontrol> page after completing reversals and adjustments to alert Payment Services of a possible amendment.</p>
         <note type="note">
            <p>Reversing a check without processing an adjusting entry for that reversal may result in negative earnings. Always review the information in the <uicontrol>Confirm Reversal </uicontrol>page before proceeding with the reversal action..</p>
         </note>
         <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol><uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Processing</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol><uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol><uicontrol>Manage Adjustments</uicontrol><uicontrol>Things I Can Do</uicontrol><uicontrol>Create Reversing Entries</uicontrol><uicontrol>select employee</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the <uicontrol>Reversing Entries</uicontrol> page, select the year.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the appropriate pay date range to find the payment needed to reverse.</cmd></step><step><cmd>If needed, select the document number to be reversed to view the payment details.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the check box next to each document number to reverse.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Reverse</uicontrol>. The <uicontrol>Confirm Reversal</uicontrol> window appears. </cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the quarter to post the reversals.</cmd><info>
               <ul><li>Post all reversals to the quarter the original documents were posted</li><li>Post all reversals to the selected quarter</li></ul>
            </info></step><step><cmd>Select OK. The reversed entry posts directly to the payroll history tables. </cmd></step></steps></taskbody><related-links><link href="OffCyclePayrolls-CAN-c.dita"><linktext>Off-Cycle Payrolls</linktext></link><link href="ReviewPayGroupPayPeriods-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Review Pay Group Pay Periods</linktext></link><link href="ManageAdjustments_d7e1261371-USA-c.dita"><linktext>Manage Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="CreateAdjustments-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Create Adjustments</linktext></link><link href="CreateReversingEntries-USA-t.dita"><linktext>Create Reversing Entries</linktext></link></related-links></task>