<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="i55658"><title>Submit Time and Calculate Payroll </title><shortdesc>Submit imported time to the payroll batch tables and calculate payroll.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-02-07T20:07:00"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/><platform>Portal</platform></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Payroll Processing"/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
         <p>The gross-to-net amounts are calculated for all checks in the payroll batch tables. The Submit Time and Calculate step automatically generates the following standard reports:</p>
         <table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.52*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1.48*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/Q774929"></entry><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/S750469"></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Pre-Check Exceptions</entry><entry>Provides an audit of the current payroll with potential issues to employee payments. Review for any inconsistencies before printing checks. If the report is blank, there are no import exceptions.</entry></row><row><entry>Payroll Edit Detail Listing</entry><entry>Provides information that can be used to verify that the payroll data was correctly entered or imported for the current pay period.</entry></row><row><entry>Pre-Check Detail Listing</entry><entry>Provides a detailed list of each employee pay information. Use this report to find data errors after finalizing payroll, but before posting information to the history tables. The report provides employee information not included in the payroll edit listings but does not provide employer information. Review the Pre-Check Summary Liability Listing report to view employer information.  </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
         <p>Review these reports from the completed tab of the Standard Reports page (Menu &gt; Administration &gt; Reporting &gt; Standard Reports &gt; Completed).</p>
         <p><menucascade><uicontrol>Menu</uicontrol><uicontrol>Administration</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Processing</uicontrol><uicontrol>Payroll Gateway</uicontrol><uicontrol>select a pay group</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
      </context><steps><step><cmd>From the Payroll Overview page, select Submit Time and Calculate Payroll. The payroll calculates each pay check's gross-to-net amounts.</cmd></step><step><cmd>From the Available page, review the generated reports.</cmd></step><step><cmd>As you make updates to employee payroll data, you can select Calculate payroll as many times as necessary. </cmd></step></steps></taskbody></task>