<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTIREFERENCE//EN" "ultiReference.dtd" [
]>
<reference id="i55707"><title>Tax Filing &amp; Wage Attachment Reporting</title><shortdesc>Balance tax filing and wage attachment reporting to validate your payroll information with Tax Filing Services. </shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2017-02-07T22:06:22"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/><platform>Portal</platform></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="Payroll Processing"/></metadata></prolog><refbody><section>
         <p>Tax Filing Reports:</p>
         <table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.58*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1.42*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/Q774929"></entry><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/S750469"></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Cash Analysis (by FEIN)</entry><entry>Provides all tax codes and actual amounts that UltiPro will debit from your bank account for this payroll. <p>This report can be run by component company but not by pay group.</p>
                     </entry></row><row><entry>
                        <p>Cash History (by FEIN)</p>
                     </entry><entry>Provides a historical view of your bank account’s cash for tax liabilities and can be used to balance your payroll. The report contains the transaction status, type, method, amount, period end date, liability due date, collection date, confirmation number, bank routing number, bank account number, and ID. You can filter this report according to component company. </entry></row><row><entry>Deposit History (by FEIN)</entry><entry>Provides the payroll tax liability amounts by status (Pending or Deposited), by tax code, and by tax code description/amount, including the per control by company. You can determine the liability due date, pay date, liability frequency rule, and payment method. </entry></row><row><entry>Wage Summary</entry><entry>Includes taxable wage calculations, by company or pay group. This report should be used to reconcile the payroll with the Cash Analysis.</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
         <p>Wage Attachment Reports:</p>
         <table><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="0.58*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1.42*" colnum="2"/><thead><row><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/Q774929"></entry><entry conref="common-entry.dita#commonEntry/S750469"></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Wage Attachment Cash Analysis (by FEIN)</entry><entry>Lists all wage attachments (garnishments) amounts that UltiPro will debit from your bank account for this payroll. <p>This report is usually available two hours after the payroll is complete, unless there are errors on the wage attachment export file.</p>
                     </entry></row><row><entry>Wage Attachment Cash History (by FEIN)</entry><entry>Provides detailed deposit history associated to each pending or posted wage attachment transaction. The report contains the employee information, transaction status, case ID, wage attachment amount, pay date, confirmation number, and payee. You can run the report for one or more company or according to the payroll. Updated information is available 24 hours after closing your payroll. </entry></row><row><entry>Wage Attachment Deposit History (by FEIN)</entry><entry>Provides the wage attachment data relative to the company for those wage attachments provided in a given payroll. The report can be used to determine the status (Pending or Deposited) of the following:<ul><li>Wage Attachment</li><li>Type</li><li>Employee Name</li><li>Amount of the Wage Attachment Deduction</li><li>Due Date</li><li>Payment Creation Date</li><li>Payment Date of Wages</li></ul>
                        <p>The payment method (CHK or EFT) is also provided. If the payment is a check, the payee name, which is printed on the payment document, and the check number (confirmation field) appear.</p>
                     </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
         <p>For tax validation, balance the Cash Analysis (by FEIN) report to the Tax Liability Grand Total report. Balance the Wage Cash Analysis to the Summary Payroll Register.</p>
         <p>For wage attachment validation, balance the Wage Attachment Cash Analysis (by FEIN) report to the Detail Deductions by Deduction Code. Run these reports using a Selection of those deduction codes included in the Wage Attachment file.</p>
      </section></refbody></reference>