<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="avn_n55_32b"><title>April 19, 2018</title><shortdesc>Here are the April 19 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>Cascading labor metrics are now available so employees have a simpler experience at the web clock and on the timesheet. When a labor metric group is configured (Settings > Labor Metric Groups), the page contains a new labor metric drop-down item titled Labor Metric Cascading/Linking. The available options are Off, which is the default, Cascading, and Linking. If Cascading or Linking is selected, a second page must be completed. Cascading values may be used multiple times, and administrators can indicate the number of mandatory levels (1:1 or 1:Many). Linking values cannot be reused, and only one labor metric can be selected per group. The linkage setting is reflected at any device capturing time and on the timesheet.</p><p>On the Employee dashboard in the Activity section, the date was removed and only the updated time appears. In the Upcoming Team Time Off section, a View Team Time Off link was added to the bottom right. The time off type and date range of the approved request appear on the same line. Also, only a graph version of the insights appears; there is no longer an option to choose between graph and list.</p><p>On the Manager dashboard, "Team Dashboard" was changed to "Dashboard" in the top left corner. In the Activity section, dates were removed from the To Do items. In the Upcoming Team Time Off section, a View Team Time Off link was added to the bottom right. This link opens the Team Time Off calendar in Time Off and Allowances, and managers can navigate back to Time. Also, the time off type and date range of the approved request appear on the same line. In the Timesheet Status section, drop-down lists are available for the Timesheet Configuration Group and Pay Group. This section takes managers to the Timesheets page, and any changes made to the timesheets are reflected on the dashboard. In the Errors and Exceptions section, the pay group filter was removed and only the filtered team for the dashboard displays. This section takes managers to the Errors and Exceptions page, and any corrections made on that page are reflected on the dashboard. In addition, the "Team Analytics" title was changed to "Insights." Only a graph version of the insights appears; there is no longer an option to choose between graph and list. When managers choose a pay group and a date, the timesheet summary information is based on the selected team and insights. They can drill into the time summary from the dashboard.</p><p>When employees clock in or out, the Recent Activity column displays the actual time instead of the rounded time. When employees edit their timesheets for the current day, the actual time also appears in the Check In field.</p><p>When a pay rule is created (Settings > Pay Rule Groups > Add Rule), a Creates Exception option is now available for the breaks rule, default time codes rule, guaranteed rule, and consecutive day overtime rule. For example, if this option is set to Yes, an unexpected break exception is generated when an employee takes a break that is not matched in the break rules. This option defaults to No for new rules and Yes for existing rules. For the consecutive day overtime rule, a new Add New Set button is available, and rule sets are executed in order from top to bottom. (Note: The settings for the default time codes rule apply to time clock timesheets only.)</p><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
        </section><p>An enhancement was made for this release:</p><p>A new GDPR compliance tool is available to ensure all fields with personally identifiable information remain anonymous. This information includes employee profiles, schedules, time off, time records, workflow results, and comments or notes. The tool is run either via API or manually when requested.</p><section>
            <title>Scheduling Enhancements</title>
        </section><p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p><p>When employees request to swap a shift (Team Schedule > Request Change), they can now send the request to multiple coworkers (Any Coworker option), specify their own preferred day and times, and browse and select desired shifts. If the Any Coworker option is selected, employees can also select to either accept the first offer automatically or choose from their coworkers' offers. On the Create Scheduling Team page or Edit Scheduling Team page (Settings > Scheduling Teams), a new Allow Shift Swap with Any Employee option must be selected in order for employees to have the Any Coworker option.</p><p>A new Schedule Reminder notification is available to remind employees of their work schedules. Managers can select how many days in advance the notification should be sent to the employee's dashboard (My Team > select employee > Preferences tab). They then need to ensure the job is ready to be run (Job Scheduler > Edit Job).</p><section>
            <title>Reporting Enhancements</title>
        </section><p>An enhancement was made for this release:</p><p>To comply with U.S. federal contractor requirements for electronic signatures, a "Submitted By" signature line appears at the bottom of the timesheet report. The report also includes the user's name and the date and time the timesheet was submitted and attested to. An "Approved By" signature line also appears for the manager, and it includes the user's name and the date and time of approval.</p></conbody></concept>