<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="rh5_r5f_bfb"><title>December 7, 2017</title><shortdesc>Here are the December 7 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>On the Create Pay Rule page (Settings > Pay Rule Groups > Create Pay Rule Group), administrators can configure banking rules by selecting the new Banking option. The following configurations are available: Employee Can Bank, Automatically Modify to Maximum Amount, and Pay Types Mapping. When managers or employees access a timesheet that has a banking rule applied to the pay rules, an ellipsis menu appears beside each applicable day. The information that displays from the ellipsis menu depends on the configuration.</p><p>A new Allow Timesheet Data to be Copied option is available in the web application and in the UltiPro mobile app for both duration and hourly timesheets. This option is delivered off and must be enabled (Settings > Timesheet Configuration Group). When this option is set to Yes, there is an ellipsis menu to the right side of each group on the timesheet. The Copy To option and Copy Pay Rules Group option are available.</p><p>Duration can now be selected when exporting payroll. Duration options include Pay Period and Range. The exported file for each pay group can be viewed, and the CSV file can be saved.</p><p>To help employees who cross midnight regularly to accurately record their time, administrators can configure whether dates are used for the Issue Resolvers (Settings > Timesheet Configuration Group > Show/Hide Date Pickers). If the Use Dates option is disabled, the dates linked to the time entries are assumed to be for the same day as the timesheet day.</p><p>When configuring the Holiday rule, administrators can now specify how many days preceding the holiday that an employee must work before qualifying for the holiday. Also, a seniority date can be specified indicating the number of days or months the employee must be employed to qualify for the holiday.</p><p>When creating or editing a Daily or Weekly Guarantee pay rule, the Time Code selector is now a drop-down list to select time code or pay type. After an upgrade is performed, the time codes remain intact.</p><p>On both time entry timesheets and time clock timesheets, a calendar icon now appears beside the date range specified for the timesheet period. This enables employees to quickly and efficiently navigate between timesheets.</p><p>The Time feature now verifies employee time off requests and communicates a yes or no decision to Time Off and Allowances.</p><p>A new Spread of Hours Premium rule type can be configured (Settings > Pay Rule Groups > Create or Edit Pay Rule Group > Add Rule). When an employee works over the Spread of Hours threshold configured for the day, the Spread of Hours Premium rule applies and a premium record is placed on the day.</p><p>Time punches are now accepted for timesheets that have an Exported or Retro status. The time punches are accepted as adjustments.</p><p>Managers cannot approve multiple timesheets if one timesheet is in Retro Submitted status. An error appears, and the managers need to determine which timesheet is in Retro Submitted status and cannot be approved.</p><p>When time is exported, the exported file can be viewed for validation. The file cannot be accidentally imported into UltiPro.</p><p>Time off requests can be added to exported timesheets that do not have an Approved or Submitted status. The retro time off requests must be within the retro adjustment period. If the days are outside of the retro adjustment period or the approver does not have retro permissions, then the time off request is not allowed.</p><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>When a manager requests time off on behalf of an employee (My Team, select employee > Create Request), the same time off type policy from the employee's page now displays on the Request page and Time Off Assignments page.</p>
            <p>Administrators can configure the number of decimal digits to display for time off policies. For a days policy or hours policy (time format in hours and decimal), the decimal defaults to 2; a value from zero to 6 can be selected from the drop-down list. For an hours policy with the time format in hours and minutes, the decimal digit field is not available. Balances are shown with the correct number of decimal places on the employee and manager dashboards, the Balances page, and the Time Off Request page.</p>
            <p>After an employee is terminated and rehired, the employee's History page (Balance Transactions tab) shows that the imported accrual was added to the employee's balance, as expected.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Scheduling Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>A collapsible detail card is available for each employee listed on the Team Schedule page. Access the card by clicking in a cell next to the employee’s name. The card shows the employee’s schedule information and personal information (for example, phone number, status, hire date, email address, and certifications). Assign a shift to the employee by selecting the date, entering the start and end times, selecting an activity, and then selecting Add Shift.</p>
            <p>When managers define a shift, they can now designate one person who is in charge for that shift. This designation is not a scheduled activity.</p>
            <p>When employees view the Team Schedule page, unassigned shifts are listed under their name. Each activity is listed on a separate row. Employees can select Request Change and then select the Unassigned Shift row to request the shift. Manager approval may be required based on configuration when creating or editing a scheduling team (Settings > Scheduling Teams > create or edit a team > Allow Employee Request Unassigned Shift option).</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Reporting Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>A payroll verification report allows Time information to be previewed and validated for the payroll export task that has been run.</p>
            <p>Teams and users can now share report templates. In addition, existing templates can be renamed and deleted (Analytics > Manage Templates > Actions column).</p>
            <p>When viewing a report template, an option is available to return to the default parameters.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>What's Updated in Reporting (December 7, 2017)</title>
            <p>The following are other noteworthy updates to Workforce Management:</p>
            <p>When an employee has a change in labor metric, the Time Off and Allowances workflow items are no longer duplicated. When an employee has a missed clock, the Timesheet report now runs as expected.</p>
            <p>When the red "X" icon is selected on a timesheet, which indicates a missed out punch, and time is entered in the pop-up window, the time zone is now saved for the punch record. The Timesheet report shows the punch blanked out if the time zone is missing.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>