<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="vc4_by1_bfb"><title>February 15, 2018</title><shortdesc>Here are the February 15 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>When filters are selected on the Team page and then employee personas are accessed using the forward and backward navigation, the employee personas follow the filters and sorting previously selected on the Team page. Also, the filters are still applied after navigating away from and back to the Team page.</p><p>If administrators or managers create or edit a Daily or Weekly Threshold Overtime rule or a Daily or Weekly Schedule Overtime rule, they can define when and how notifications are created and sent (Settings > Pay Rule Groups > create or edit a pay rule group > Add Rule). They can also configure in the pay rules if and when exceptions should be triggered on the timesheet so that the timesheet displays only those exceptions that meet the criteria.</p><p>Pay rules now include premium-type records in their calculations so employees can be paid according to company policy. When a timesheet is calculated, the rules are reordered so daily and range rules can include the premiums in their calculation: Shift Premium, Holiday, Daily Guarantee, Daily Absence, Spread of Hours Premium, Call Back, Weekly Guarantee, Weekly Absence, Overtime Rules, and Banking.</p><p>A new Exceptions section is available when creating meal and break rules, including both time entry and time clock.</p><p>On the Company Preferences page (Settings > Company Preferences), two new payroll export settings are available: Enable CSV Payroll Export and Enable Integrated Payroll Export. These options enable a CSV Export button or Export button to display on the Payroll Export page. The Payroll Export page now also displays a Run Export tab and a Results tab. The exact number of exportable records appears; if records are still posting to payroll, a status appears.</p><p>Time was enhanced to support the Payroll Import API. If you are a current customer, your payroll export is still set to CSV format. If you would like to use the new Payroll Integration, first open a support case via the Customer Success Portal to have the service account information added. Next, select Yes for the Enable Integrated Payroll Export option (Settings > Company Preferences). When you are ready to export time, select Payroll Export from the navigation pane; select the pay group and pay period duration, and then select Send to Payroll. If you are a new customer, the Enable Integrated Payroll Export option is set to Yes. If you prefer the CSV format, make the appropriate changes on the Company Preferences page (Settings > Company Preferences). This release note is an update to a prior version.</p><p>The Update Time Codes page contains new role check boxes next to each time code (Settings > Timesheet Configuration Group > create or edit a group). This restriction ensures employees, managers, and administrators only have access to certain time codes when they edit a timesheet to comply with FLSA standards. If a time code was previously set to On in the Display column, then the Employee, Manager A, and Administrator boxes are checked.</p><p>When a shift is created (Settings > Shifts > Create), an attendance value and an absence value can now be added.</p><p>Notes can be created or edited on the time clock timesheet.</p><p>Premium types are included in the daily details so that they are incorporated into pay rules. Notifications are sent to managers when employees submit a retro adjusted timesheet for approval.</p><p>Notifications are also sent to employees when retro adjustments to timesheets are approved or rejected or when a retro adjusted timesheet has been commented on or modified.</p><p> When employees edit their timesheets, the only time codes available are those listed for the employees on their assigned timesheet configuration group. When managers edit employee timesheets, the only time codes available are those listed for the specific manager role for that day.</p><p>The following new permissions are available on the Create Role page or Edit Role page (Settings > Roles > create or edit a role): MANAGER_TIMESHEET_TIME_CODES_A, MANAGER_TIMESHEET_TIME_CODES_B, MANAGER__TIMEMSHEET_TIME_CODES_C, and ADMIN_TIMESHEET_TIMECODES. For existing roles, MANAGER_TIMESHEET_TIME_CODES_A is assigned to the existing Manager role, MANAGER_TIMESHEET_TIME_CODES_B and MANAGER__TIMEMSHEET_TIME_CODES_C are unassigned, and ADMIN_TIMESHEET_TIMECODES is assigned to the existing Admin role.</p><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
            <p>An enhancement was made for this release:</p>
            <p>Administrators can configure eligibility criteria and then apply those criteria to policies (Settings > Eligibility Criteria). Multiple eligibility criteria can be applied to the same policy. The Time Off and Allowances feature determines if employees who have these policies in their policy group are eligible for the time off accrual.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Scheduling Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>When the Default Staffing Coverage option is set to Yes (Settings > Scheduling Teams > create or edit a team > Coverage section), a Coverage row appears at the bottom of the employee list showing the number of people scheduled and the coverage number. The coverage number can be changed, and the change only applies to the specific day. When Save is selected, only the row is saved, not the entire schedule.</p>
            <p>Next to your name in the header, an Other Modules drop-down menu was added so you can navigate to other features that are active for your company. These features may include Time, Time Off and Allowances, and Reporting.</p>
            <p>Managers can see the availability of their employees on the Team Schedule page without having to select the Edit (pencil) icon. When managers click in any cell next to an employee's name, a pop-up window displays the employee's preferred and available times. If a time span is selected, the Start Time and End Time fields are auto populated. When an employee's shift or new shift is selected, the schedule for that day only appears, rather than the schedule for the week.</p>
            <p>When scheduling teams are configured, an option is available to determine if and when an employee's availability change should be approved by the scheduling team manager (Settings > Scheduling Teams > create or edit a team > Availability Cannot be Changed if Work Date is X Days Away option). When employees try to change their availability, the days that do not allow availability modification are grayed out.</p>
            <p>When a compliance group is configured, administrators can define when a compliance calculation resets (Settings > Compliance Groups > create or edit a compliance group). Compliance rules can start calculating at the beginning of a shift, or start over (reset) at midnight, based on this setting.</p>
            <p>On the Team Schedule page, managers can select a day and update coverage requirements for the week in the pop-up window.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Reporting Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>CSV format is now available for several report types: Time and Labor, Time Summary, Payroll Verification, or Workflow Audit. This enhancement allows report information to be imported into other systems.</p><p>When selections within a filter are changed or removed and then a report is run, the filter correctly displays only the selections made.</p></conbody></concept>