<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="aph_kqf_bfb"><title>January 18, 2018</title><shortdesc>Here are the January 18 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>New permissions allow managers to mass submit, mass reject, mass approve, or mass unapprove submitted timesheets. These permissions must be assigned on the Create Role page or Edit Role page (Settings > Roles > create or edit a role). The permissions include MANAGER_MASS_SUBMIT, MANAGER_MASS_REJECT, MANAGER_MASS_APPROVE, and MANAGER_MASS_UNAPPROVE. These same permissions are available for administrators too.</p><p>On the employee dashboard, a new Upcoming Time Off section appears if the employee is not a clock based employee. This section lists upcoming time off for team employees by month.</p><p>On the employee dashboard, the Time Code Summary section offers a date or calendar choice. An employee can select a date for the timesheet. Also, the employee can navigate from the graphical view to a detailed view of the time summary.</p><p>On both the employee dashboard and the manager dashboard, a new Activity section replaces the Alerts section. The Activity section lists To Do items and Notification items. A single To Do item can be selected and action can be taken. For more than one of the same To Do item, the items are grouped together. For notifications, employees and managers can select the notification and go to the appropriate area that triggered the notification. Employees and managers can clear a single notification or all notifications.</p><p>When administrators configure the Holiday pay rule, they can specify the number of days preceding the holiday that an employee must work since the last hire date. Employees qualify for the holiday pay if they have worked the specified number of days before the holiday. A new, optional Seniority Date rule is available.</p><p>Employee profile changes in UltiPro are now updated near real time in Workforce Management features. This option is delivered off. To activate this option, please open a support case via the Customer Success Portal for assistance.</p><p>The Nevada Overtime Pay rule calculates hours worked in excess of 8 hours within a rolling 24-hour period. Employers are responsible for assigning employees to this rule.</p><p>When employees use the UltiPro mobile app and an ambiguous time punch is made, a new daylight saving time (DST) column appears and the employee must select either Before Time Change or After Time Change. If time punches on a timesheet span a DST change, a DST indicator appears in the calculated hours section. If any employees reside in areas that do not observe DST, their clocks and timesheets do not reflect these DST changes.</p><p>In the UltiPro mobile app, employees can agree to the hours on their timesheet when submitting for approval. The same attestation statement from the web application appears.</p><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
            <p>An enhancement was made for this release:</p>
            <p>When filters are selected on the My Team page and then employee personas are accessed using the forward and backward navigation, the employee personas follow the filters and sorting previously selected on the My Team page. Also, the filters are still applied after navigating away from and back to the My Team page.</p>
            <title>Scheduling Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>Employees have the option to change a shift to "unassigned." This option is delivered off and must be enabled (Settings > Scheduling Teams > create or edit a team > Self Scheduling section). Administrators define whether this option is allowed and if it requires approval.</p>
            <p>When sorting by hire date or employee ID on the Team Schedule page, the information appears under each employee's name in the list.</p>
            <p>A new compliance rule is available to regulate the splitting of shifts in a day (Settings > Compliance Groups > create or edit a group > Compliance Rules section). Managers can configure the minimum and maximum total duration of shifts. Managers can also configure the maximum gap that is allowed between two shifts for an employee. A compliance warning appears directly on the cell that contains the shift. Selecting the Violation icon provides further details about the violation. The employee must be part of the compliance group (Team Schedule > select employee > Schedule tab).</p>
            <p>A new coverage rule is used to specify how many people must be present at any given time (Settings > Scheduling Teams > create or edit a team > Coverage section). A default weekly coverage can be set for a schedule team. If the Default Staffing Coverage option is set to Yes, an input box appears for each day of the week. (Only whole numbers are accepted, up to four digit maximum.) If this option is set to Yes, a Coverage row appears at the bottom of the employee list. The Coverage row shows the number of people scheduled and the coverage number. The coverage number is green if the day is fully covered and red if it is not. If a schedule has been created without coverage, that schedule does not change.</p>
            <p>On the Team Schedule page, an employee profile card appears after clicking on an employee's name. The employee's number, primary job, e-mail, and work phone number are listed.</p>
            <p>When managers define a shift using the UltiPro mobile app, they can now designate one person who is in charge for that shift. This designation is not a scheduled activity.</p>
            <p>When using the UltiPro mobile app, the details of a shift appear when it is selected.</p>
            <title>Reporting Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>Business Intelligence (BI) reporting is now available for Workforce Management through the Workforce Management Analysis package. This BI package enables you to derive deeper strategic insights into your workforce. BI is accessed through the Administration menu item in UltiPro (Administration > Business Intelligence > Public Folders > UltiPro BI Content > UltiPro BI for Workforce Management > UltiPro Workforce Management Delivered Packages).</p>
            <p>A new job is available that enables administrators to run report templates and new pages (Report Scheduler > Create). Administrators can also set a recurring schedule to run reports. The reports can be exported to PDF, XLSX, or HTML, or they can be deleted (My Reports page > Actions column).</p>
            <p> The Workflow Audit report now shows the name of the employee who submitted the request or the person who submitted the request on behalf of the employee.</p>
            <p>Reports correctly display the selected date range in the top right corner.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>