<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="drq_bv1_bfb"><title>March 22, 2018</title><shortdesc>Here are the March 22 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>Seniority tiers have been updated. The maximum carry-over is now available at the seniority level rather than just at the policy level (Settings > Time Off Policy). The pages or steps to create a time off policy include General Details, Accrual Rules, Limits, and Additional Details. Administrators can set the maximum, minimum, and carry-over values in the time off policy, and these values are respected for each accrual rule type. With this update, these values are migrated to the same tier for any existing rule that is not Hours Per Week. For an existing Hours Per Week rule, the values are not migrated.</p><section>
            <title>Scheduling Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>When employees are set to an inactive status or disabled within Scheduling, they are no longer eligible to be scheduled. Existing schedules and shift changes or swaps are canceled. Also, the manager receives a notification via the dashboard that states assigned shifts were changed to unassigned. This enhancement helps managers ensure they have coverage when employees are no longer able to fill their shifts.</p>
            <p>A new Acknowledgement option is available when scheduling teams are created (Settings > Scheduling Teams). This option requires employees to acknowledge their schedule once it has been published. Employees will receive a To Do item on the employee dashboard if the Acknowledgement option is enabled. This acknowledgement ensures employees are aware of their schedule, which is important when employees have sporadic work schedules. On the Team Schedule page, managers can view an employee's acknowledgement status. A red icon indicates the published schedule has not been viewed or acknowledged, a gray or blue icon indicates the published schedule has been viewed but not acknowledged, and a green icon indicates the published schedule has been acknowledged.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Reporting Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>A new Transactions and Balances Report is available. This report provides users the ability to report on time off transactions as well as balances by employee and policy.</p><p>The manager dashboard now displays a notification when a scheduled report is ready; a link to scheduled reports is available.</p><p>Custom labor metrics were added to several existing reports: Time and Labor, Time Summary, and Timesheet.</p><p>When running the Payroll Verification report and filtering by the Export option, the exports now sort with the most recent ones at the top of the list.</p><p>Report access is now based on the product a customer is using. Access to Time Off and Allowance reports is now available under Benefits in UltiPro as well as the Other Modules drop-down menu. For customers using Time reports, there is no change in functionality.</p><p>The Payroll Verification report displays the duration or hours in decimal format to match the payroll export (for example, 8.5 versus the previous 8h 30m).</p><p>The Reporting feature now contains a Help icon in the top right corner of each page to access Help topics at any time.</p></conbody></concept>