<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="dvk_s35_32b"><title>May 10, 2018</title><shortdesc>Here are the May 10 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>A configuration change was made to the Call Back rule to support multiple sets by day (Settings > Pay Rule Groups > Add Rule > Call Back). Multiple rules can fire on the same day.</p><p>When creating or editing a holiday rule (Settings > Pay Rule Groups > Add Rule > select Holiday), an additional Worked on Holiday eligibility option appears so that employees can be paid if they worked on the holiday. If this option is selected, the duration of worked time on the holiday is required.</p><p>Administrators can configure which pay types can be promoted to Overtime so that overtime can be calculated and paid out correctly. A new Pay Types That are Promotable to Overtime multi-selector is available. This option applies to several rules: Weekly Threshold Overtime, Weekly Schedule Overtime, Daily Threshold Overtime, Daily Schedule Overtime, Consecutive Day Overtime, Zoned Out of Schedule Overtime, Daily Average Overtime, Weekly Average Overtime, and Rolling 24 Hours Overtime. If there is a previous version of the Weekly Average pay rule, Daily Average pay rule, or Zoned Out of Schedule pay rule, then all system pay types are added to the promotable pay types for the rule.</p><p>A shift premium enhancement is available to include eligibility. If an employee punched in a certain time frame that is outside the defined premium time for calculation, then the employee receives that premium calculation.</p><p>The verbiage for the Workday Assignment rule was enhanced to determine if a shift that crosses midnight should land on the current day (day of the "in") or the following day (day of the "out").</p><p>To comply with GDPR anonymization regulations, employee information can be manually extracted across the Time products. This information includes employee profiles, schedules, time off, time records, workflow results, and comments or notes. In addition, the Time feature will complete three steps:</p><ul><li>Anonymization events will be logged for future reference.</li><li>All comments that the requester has made on timesheets and timesheet approval or rejection will be deleted.</li><li>Updates on existing queues will be sent to Time Off and Allowances, Scheduling, and Reporting.</li></ul><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
        </section><p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p><p>Administrators can create a time off policy that gives accruals based on YTD hours or lifetime hours (Settings > Time Off Policy > Create).</p><p>To reduce the number of time off policies an organization must maintain, an eligibility criteria definition can now be applied to an accrual rule. Multiple eligibility criteria can be chosen in a policy.</p><p>For the Hours Per Day limit, the value for the Max Hours field is no longer required to be less than or equal to the value for Hours Per Day.</p><p>Administrators can now create custom fields (Settings > Custom Fields > Create). The fields include a code, name, format (numeric, text, duration, or date), and an option to include on the employee assignments page. On the Custom Fields page, administrators can select a hyperlink under the Name column to edit a custom field. The ADMIN_CUSTOM_FIELDS permission must be assigned for administrators to create custom fields.</p><p>When a manager receives an email that an employee submitted a time off request, the email now contains simpler language that is easier to understand. The language was also simplified in the employee emails (for example, notification of time off request approved, rejected or canceled).</p><section>
            <title>Scheduling Enhancements</title>
        </section><p>An enhancement was made for this release:</p><p>Scheduling now allows employees to be scheduled to labor metrics. Labor metrics can be used when creating or editing a template, schedule, or single shift. The labor metrics available for scheduling are based on labor metric groups created in Time, and these groups are assigned to a schedule team. Employees and managers can now view the labor metric details when viewing schedules or change requests.</p><section>
            <title>What's Updated in Time (May 10, 2018)</title>
            <p>The following are other noteworthy updates to Workforce Management:</p>
            <p>When a name format is selected on the Company Preferences page (for example, First Name, Last Name or Last Name, First Name) (Settings > Company Preferences), the name format is applied to all employee lists. This same functionality is also available in the Time Off and Allowances feature and the Scheduling feature.</p>
            <p>The Work on Holiday option only works if a schedule is present. Previously, there were incorrect postings when there was no schedule and the employee did not work. Holiday hours are not tied to actual scheduled hours.</p>
            <p>The timesheet configuration group and pay rules now respect the start of the pay period that a new hire date falls into.</p>
            <p>An employee's status change (for example, termination) no longer causes issues during a pay period. The team timesheet status and manager dashboard timesheet status are updated correctly. Also, on the Team Timesheet page, mass actions can be completed without error.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>