<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="v54_ptk_hfb"><title>October 17, 2018</title><shortdesc>Here are the October 17 features and enhancements for Workforce Management.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><section>
            <title>Time Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
        </section><p>Geofencing can now be enabled in the Time feature (Settings > Company Preferences). On the Company Preferences page, the new Geofence Enforcement field defaults to None, and administrators must select either Active or Passive to enable geofencing. Administrators create geofences and then specify the group name and team members with date-effective assignments (Settings > Geofences). A fence can be deleted if it is not in a geofence group and if there are no time punches associated with it. When employees are assigned to a fence group and they punch in outside of a valid fence, in active geofencing the time punch is marked invalid and it is not processed to the timesheet. In passive geofencing the time punch is flagged as a geofencing exception, but it is still processed to the timesheet. If a time punch has coordinates, then administrators can view a map that shows where the punch occurred. For detailed instructions on using geofencing, see the related topics in the Workforce Management Help site under the Geofencing divider (available October 17, 2018): Enable Geofencing, Create a Geofence, Create a Geofence Group, and View Time Punch Activity.</p><p>Time information, including time punches and edits, can be imported from an SFTP location (Settings > Company Preferences). The Company Preferences page contains several new fields: SFTP Host, SFTP User Name, and SFTP Password. A job can then be scheduled in the Time job scheduler (Settings > Job Scheduler). This job can be run in increments as few as one minute and as great as one week. For detailed instructions on importing time information, see the related topics in the Workforce Management Help site under the Workforce Management Integration divider (available October 17, 2018): Import Time Data, Time Import Types, and Schedule Time Data Imports.</p><p>Time information can now be imported using a flat file (Settings > Data Import). Three imports are available: Punches, Punch Pairs, and Timesheet Edits. In the template that can be downloaded for the Time Clock Punches import, the required columns include COID, Employee Number, Punch Type, and Time. Optional columns include Labor Metrics (one column per labor metric), Lat, and Long. In the template for the Time Clock Edits import, the columns include COID, Employee Number, Time Code, Hourly/Duration/Currency/Numeric, Duration, Timesheet Day, Start Date Time, Labor Metrics, Currency Value, and Numeric Value. If labor metrics are associated with a time punch for checking in, ending a meal or break, or calling back in, then a transfer punch is created with the supplied labor metrics. If a record fails to import, it is recorded and skipped but the whole import does not fail.</p><p>An enhancement was made to the Day Split rule (Settings > Pay Rule Groups). A new drop-down item, Day Split Rule Will, is available. Its options include “Place Punches on the Configured Day” and “Split Worked Time Across Days.” If you have the Time feature configured when this monthly update is applied, the first option is the default. Hours that are worked that cross midnight are allocated to the two separate days. If a Day Split rule is applied and a time punch occurs before the day start is processed, then the time punch is applied to the day it is dated. The split time can be configured if you want to split days at a time that is not midnight. Other types of configurations are available if the split occurs within the pay rules or if the split occurs at a daily or timesheet level.</p><section>
            <title>Time Off and Allowance Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>Administrators can now import approved time off requests from third-party systems. The new CSV file import includes the following columns: Employee Number, Company Code, Start Date, End Date, Duration, Start Date Time, End Date Time, and Policy Name. The imported requests display with an Approved status, and the initial history action type is Import.</p>
            <p>When creating time off policies that accrue in days or hours (Settings > Time Off Policy) and the company’s time format is hours and decimal, administrators can define the number of decimal places to be used. The new Decimal Digits for Display field defaults to 2. The balances, with the set number of decimal places, appear on several pages: Employee Dashboard, Manager Dashboard, Balances page, Time Off Request page, and History page.</p>
            <p>A new Probation section appears when time off policies are created or edited (Settings > Time Off Policy). The existing probation setting is moved into this section, and the Probationary Period field was renamed Do Not Accrue For. Another new field, Do Not Allow Requests for First, enables administrators to specify the hire date, seniority date, benefit seniority date, or original hire date. This field defaults to zero days. If time off is requested before the designated date, then a message appears.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Reporting Enhancements</title>
            <p>Several enhancements were made for this release:</p>
            <p>A default value can be set for the duration time format of all analytics types. This setting appears on the Company Preferences page (Settings > Company Preferences). In addition, the default value can be changed on the Analytics page each time a report is run. The time format for each report can be either hours and minutes (0h 0m) or decimal value (0.0).</p>
            <p>Administrators can assign a new Admin role to any employee who requires access to all employees in the reporting database (Settings > Roles). An example is a Finance or HR individual who needs company level analytics but does not need to view information in the various features of Workforce Management. The administrator can run reports that include all employees.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>