<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="i55230"><title>Scheduling</title><shortdesc>The Scheduling feature, an addition to the Time feature, gives employees a voice and a choice.</shortdesc><prolog><source>AuthorIT</source><critdates><created date="2016-12-20T17:41:23"/></critdates><metadata><audience type="ENT"/><audience type="MM"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content="en-us"/><othermeta name="locale" content="USA"/><othermeta name="locale" content="CAN"/><othermeta name="feature" content="WorkforceManagement"/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>Scheduling provides many capabilities by role.</p><section>
                           <simpletable relcolwidth="1.0* 1.0* 1.0*" frame="all"><sthead><stentry>Employee</stentry><stentry>Manager</stentry><stentry>Administrator</stentry></sthead><strow><stentry>Establish their availability for scheduling purposes</stentry><stentry>Establish staffing requirements and review coverage indicators</stentry><stentry>Create custom Scheduling Teams</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Establish their work preferences</stentry><stentry>Create and edit templates and schedules</stentry><stentry>Identify schedule owners through role assignment</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Review their individual schedules</stentry><stentry>Use matching functions to identify candidates for shift coverage</stentry><stentry>Assign schedule owners to schedule groups</stentry></strow><strow><stentry>Request to swap shifts with a qualified employee</stentry><stentry>Post schedules to "Lock In" shifts and notify employees of their assigned shifts</stentry><stentry>Create staffing templates</stentry></strow></simpletable>
                                                                                 <p>On the Team Schedule page, managers can view an employee's acknowledgement status for published schedules. (The Acknowledgement option must be enabled for the scheduling team if employees are required to acknowledge receipt of published schedules [Settings > Scheduling Teams].) A red icon indicates the published schedule has not been viewed or acknowledged, a gray or blue icon indicates the published schedule has been viewed but not acknowledged, and a green icon indicates the published schedule has been acknowledged.</p>
                                                                                 <p>Next to your name in the header, the Other Modules drop-down menu enables you to navigate to other features that are active for your company. These features may include Time, Time Off and Allowances, and Reporting.</p>
                                                                                 <p>Labor metrics can be used when creating or editing a template. The labor metrics available for scheduling are based on labor metric groups created in Time.</p>
                                                                                 <p>A setting must be enabled in UltiPro in order for an employee to use the Scheduling feature (UltiPro Menu > My Team > select employee > Workforce Management tab > Scheduling).</p>
                  </section></conbody></concept>