<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="mpj_sz2_wcb"><title>Create Time Off Policies</title><shortdesc>A time off policy defines how accruals, usages, balances, and carryover amounts are applied to an employee's time off information. A time off policy can give accruals based on year-to-date hours or lifetime hours. Typical policies include paid time off, vacation, and sick. Individual time off policies are assigned to policy groups, which are then assigned to employees.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
            <p><menucascade><uicontrol>My Team</uicontrol><uicontrol>Benefits</uicontrol><uicontrol>Time Off</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
        </context><context>
            <note type="important">It is strongly recommended to track policies in hours.</note>
        </context><steps><step><cmd>From the navigation pane, select <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> and then <uicontrol>Time Off Policy</uicontrol> under Policy.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>. (To edit a policy from the Time Off Policy page [Time Off Policy tab], select the link under the Name column.)</cmd><info>
                    <note type="note">
                        <ul><li>To copy a policy, select <uicontrol>Copy Time Off Policy</uicontrol> under the Actions column for the specific policy. Enter a name for the new policy and select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li><li>To edit the ranges of a policy, select <uicontrol>Edit Ranges</uicontrol> under the Actions column for the specific policy. (Ranges allow for changing rules within the same policy. For example, if company policies or union agreements change, the accrual amounts can be changed without having to create and assign a new policy.) The Edit Ranges pop-up window appears. Enter the new start and end dates; select <uicontrol>Add New Range</uicontrol> to enter an additional set of start and end dates, if necessary. Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</li></ul>
                    </note>
                </info></step><step><cmd>Complete the General Details:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Select whether the policy is active.  </cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Enter a name and the date on which accruals should begin.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Identify the accrual unit (days, hours, or dollars) and the schedule information (schedule; days of the week; hours per day; partial day; increments of time off requests; number of decimal digits to display for accruals in days or hours; accrual year start; number of days, months, or years employees should not accrue; usage transactions; and whether accruals should go to pending balance). In the Do Not Allow Requests for First field, specify the hire date, seniority date, benefit seniority date, or original hire date. This field defaults to zero days. If time off is requested before the designated date, then a message appears.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Enter suspension details and approval criteria, if necessary. Suspension details are helpful when you need to deactivate a rule for a period of time. You can specify if manager comments are optional or required when approving or rejecting a time off request.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the primary approver and, if applicable, any secondary approvers. This is not a hierarchical list of approvers. All approvers can act upon a request, but only the primary approver can view an employee's balances.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the primary balance from the drop-down list. Next, select the types of balances that will display for employees and drag and drop them into the order they should be listed.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>If a policy is configured to have unlimited time off, indicate whether employees should receive a warning for a negative balance. When the Hide Negative Balance Warning for Requests option is set to “Yes,” then employees do not receive a warning message if their balance is a negative value. Also, indicate whether to hide the balance as of a specified date or before and after. These fields default to No.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Specify if balances should be sent to Payroll. If Yes is selected, enter a description. If a language other than English is needed, select the <uicontrol>Add Language</uicontrol> link. Select the accrual code and earnings code.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Accrual Rules:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Select the accrual rule type.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the accrual frequency (yearly, monthly, periodically, weekly, or daily).</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the seniority unit (days, months, or years).</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>In the Rule section, enter the rules for the time off policy; select <uicontrol>Add Row</uicontrol> to add a new row.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the seniority date and the accrual seniority.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the policy for the rollover.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Limits:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Select the carryover type. When the maximum, minimum, and carryover values are set in the time off policy, these values are respected for each accrual rule type.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Add Limit</uicontrol> to add a new limit.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>From the Add Fields drop-down list, complete the fields for maximum and minimum balances:</cmd><info>
                            <ul><li>Minimum Balance field</li><li>Maximum Balance field</li><li>End of Year Minimum field – Limit a minimum threshold per policy. If this option is selected when an employee requests time off or enters time on a timesheet and the hours or days requested or entered cause the balance to be less than the minimum, then the employee receives an error message.</li><li>Carry Over</li><li>Maximum Annual Accrual field - Limit the maximum amount an employee can accrue per policy year. The maximum annual accrual restriction applies only to system-generated accruals, not manual edits to a balance or balance imports.</li><li>Maximum Annual Usage field - Limit the maximum amount of accrual usage allowed per policy year. If this option is selected when an employee requests time off or enters time on a timesheet and the maximums are exceeded, then the employee receives an error message.</li></ul>
                        </info></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if carry-over amounts should expire, and then complete the expiration period information.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol></cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Additional Details:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Specify if the employee should be paid upon termination.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the time codes to display on the timesheet that will deduct from the balance. At least one time code must be selected.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Specify if banking should be allowed on timesheets. If it is allowed, select the pay type and multiplier.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>
                    <note type="note">If a time off policy is no longer needed, it is recommended that the policy be inactivated rather than deleted.</note>
                </info></step></steps></taskbody></task>