<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="grs_jdw_l2b"><title>Create Scheduling Teams</title><shortdesc>A scheduling team is a group of employees who share the same work schedule. Schedules can be budgeted by hours, headcount, or dollars.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
            <p><menucascade><uicontrol>My Team</uicontrol><uicontrol>Workforce Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Scheduling</uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol><uicontrol>Scheduling Teams</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
        </context><steps><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Enter the name of the scheduling team and, if desired, the start and end dates and start day of the week.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select the time zone.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Complete the Configuration section:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if changes can be made to the schedule after it is posted.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if a person can be placed in charge of a shift. If this option is enabled, you can assign owners on the employee persona pages (My Team > employee name > Security tab > Assign as Schedule Team Member option).</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Labor Metrics section:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Select the labor metric group(s). Labor metric groups are created in the Time feature (Settings > Labor Metric Groups).</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select the fields that will be required when scheduling shifts.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Check the box next to each item that will be a required field when scheduling shifts.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Budget and Coverage section:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> to enable the Default Staffing Coverage option. If this option is set to Yes, a Coverage row appears at the bottom of the employee list on the Team Schedule page. The Coverage row shows the number of people scheduled and the number of employees required for the day to ensure sufficient coverage of the business needs. The coverage number is green if the day is fully covered and red if it is not. The coverage number can be changed, and the change only applies to the specific day. When Save is selected, only the row is saved, not the entire schedule. (The coverage option does not apply to existing schedules.)</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Enter the number of people that must be present on each day of the week.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Specify if the Default Target Hours Setting option should be enabled. Scheduling generates an hourly cost of the current schedule as a threshold if the target hours are set as a budget. If the Budget option is selected, the hours entered are calculated against your total allocation of hours. If the Coverage option is selected, the hours entered are the target number of hours required per day.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Specify if the Default Cost Setting option should be enabled. The Hourly Pay Rate option indicates the cost of the schedule is calculated using the employees' hourly pay rate. The Job Rate option indicates the cost of the schedule is calculated by the job rate of the job(s) assigned to the shift. (For the job rate, there is only one rate per job for a single point in time.) To use the Default Cost Setting option, the MANAGER_SCHEDULE_COST permission must be assigned.</cmd></substep></substeps><info>
                                                            <note type="note">On the Team Schedule page, selecting the icon on the Total row expands to show the daily schedule cost, coverage, and total hours. If these cells are shaded in green, the schedule is under budget. If these cells are shaded in red, the schedule is over budget.</note>
                                                </info></step><step><cmd>Complete the Employee Match section:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Specify if employee shifts should be matched by availability, seniority, or labor metrics.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Specify the prioritized order.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Self Scheduling section:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Specify whether employees can view the Team Schedule. This is required in order to allow employees to swap shifts or to request an unassigned shift.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if shift swapping is allowed.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if employees can give away shifts to "unassigned."</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if manager approval is required for a shift swap.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if employees can swap a shift with any employee.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Complete the Availability section:</cmd><substeps><substep><cmd>Specify if shift availability will be used, enabling employees to specify when they are available. If this option is enabled, the Availability functionality is available for all employees.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if unassigned shifts are to become automatically available.</cmd></substep><substep><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol> if an employee's availability change must be approved by the scheduling team manager. If so, when? When employees try to change their availability, the days that do not allow availability modification are grayed out.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step><cmd>Specify whether employees must acknowledge that they received their assigned schedule.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select members of the team.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd><info>To delete a scheduling team, select <uicontrol>Delete Schedule Team</uicontrol>. Only those teams with no schedules generated and published can be deleted. To determine if a team may be deleted, view the Currently in Use column on the Compliance Groups page (Settings > Compliance Groups). If a scheduling team was not removed successfully, an error message does not appear.</info></step></steps></taskbody></task>