<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="m2b_ydy_q2b"><title>Configure Company Preferences in Time Off and Allowances</title><shortdesc>The Company Preferences page enables administrators to configure general company-wide preferences, including Time Off and Allowances integration with Exchange.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content="Time Off and Allowances"/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>From the navigation pane, select Settings and then Company Preferences. You can update the following information by selecting the hyperlink:</p><ul><li>Duration Time Format - Indicates how time is displayed throughout the Time Off and Allowances feature (for example, using hours and minutes or decimal places).</li><li>Name Format - Specifies how employee names should appear (for example, first name and then last name).</li><li>Employee Team Calendar Display Settings - Indicates which other employees’ time off information an employee can view on the Team Calendar.</li><li>Show Policy Name On Employee Team Calendar - Indicates if employees will see the policy name, or only the date of time off, on the Team Calendar.</li><li>Calendar Integration Settings - Integrates approved time off requests with an employee's Exchange calendar (Microsoft Outlook only). The requests appear as all-day appointments titled "PTO - Blocked." If the requests are canceled, they no longer appear in the employee's calendar. The employee must have a valid email address.</li></ul></conbody></concept>