<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="g33_1j4_z2b"><title>Import Time Data</title><shortdesc>Administrators can bring in both setup information and time information that will be inserted into the timesheet. Several import types are available: Pay Types, Time Codes, Shifts, Shift Patterns, Persona Batch Assignment, Punches, Punch Pairs, and Timesheet Edits.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>The Punches, Punch Pairs, and Timesheet Edits jobs can be scheduled through a secure FTP (SFTP), and the import files are placed on an SFTP server.</context><context>
                                    <p><menucascade><uicontrol>My Team</uicontrol><uicontrol>Workforce Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Time</uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol><uicontrol>Data Import</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
                        </context><steps><step><cmd>On the Data Import page, select the icon in the Download Sample column to get the required file format to upload data. The file, which appears at the bottom of the page as a CSV file that you can open, can be used as the basis for an import file.</cmd><info>In the template that can be downloaded for the Time Clock Punches import, the required columns include COID, Employee Number, Punch Type, and Time. Optional columns include Labor Metrics (one column per labor metric), Lat, and Long.</info><info>In the template for the Time Clock Edits import, the columns include COID, Employee Number, Time Code, Hourly/Duration/Currency/Numeric, Duration, Timesheet Day, Start Date Time, Labor Metrics, Currency Value, and Numeric Value. If labor metrics are associated with a time punch for checking in, ending a meal or break, or calling back in, then a transfer punch is created with the supplied labor metrics.</info><info>The available punch types include: check in, check out, break start, break end, meal start, meal end, transfer, call back in, and call back out.</info></step><step><cmd>Select the icon in the Upload column to upload the file. If a record fails to import, it is recorded and skipped but the whole import does not fail.</cmd><info>
                    <note type="note">To enable time information to be imported from an SFTP location, go to the Company Preferences page (My Team > Workforce Management > Time > Settings > Company Preferences). Enter the SFTP host, user name, and password. Select Save. Then, navigate to the job scheduler and create a schedule for the specific import to be run.</note>
                </info></step></steps></taskbody></task>