<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="mqm_bgz_1cb"><title>Reporting Feature</title><shortdesc>Reporting provides access to Time information for strategic, executive-level decision making. Report access is based on the features you have purchased.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>Eight types of analytics are available for reporting:<ul><li>ACA Payroll Based Journal Report - Meets the requirement from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) to electronically submit staffing and census information to promote greater accountability for long-term health facilities.</li><li>Employee Assignment - Helps to analyze the information that is assigned to employees. Examples of this information include timesheet configuration group, policy type, and time zone.</li><li>Payroll Verification - Allows users to view information on the payroll export created in Time. This report also provides the ability to view the preview files and retroactive transactions on the payroll export.</li><li>Timesheet - Provides a printable PDF view of an employee’s timesheet record for an identified pay period. This report displays the user who submitted and approved a timesheet, or it can be used for employees to sign off on their time record.</li><li>Time and Labor - Includes edits made to a timesheet. This report does not include punch details.</li><li>Time Summary - Consists of timesheet summary records from an employee’s timesheet.</li><li>Transactions and Balances - Provides the ability to report on time off transactions as well as balances by employee and policy.</li><li>Workflow Audit - Shows an audit of timesheet and time off workflows.</li></ul></p><p>Default columns are assigned to the analytic type. You can select additional columns, remove columns, and change the column order via drag and drop. Also, the report can be saved as a template for later use.</p><p>Scheduled and on demand reports can be viewed in the My Reports form. Reports are removed seven days after they are run.</p></conbody></concept>