<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTICONCEPT//EN" "ultiConcept.dtd" [
]>
<concept id="p23_sgm_kfb"><title>Time Import Types</title><shortdesc>Several import types are available: Pay Types, Persona Batch Assignment, Punches, Punch Pairs, Shifts, Shift Patterns, Time Codes, and Timesheet Edits. Each import defines a set of required columns and supports optional ones.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><conbody><p>Field values are matched to the position of the column name as each row is processed. In addition, any custom labor metrics defined in Time can be added as a column to the time imports. The column name should be the labor metric name used in the Time feature.</p><p>All columns are required so that they appear in the header of the file, which ensures a successful import. However, filling in information for all of the columns is not required. Columns with optional input are identified in the following sections.</p><section>
            <title>Setup Information Imports</title>
            <p>Several imports are available for activating the Time feature: Pay Types, Persona Batch Assignment, Shifts, Shift Patterns, and Time Codes.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Pay Types</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>pk:PayType</entry><entry>Code for the pay type.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>REG, HOL, or OT1</entry></row><row><entry>PayTypeDescription</entry><entry>Description of the pay type.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>Vacation</entry></row><row><entry>Paid</entry><entry>Identifies if the time is paid or unpaid.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>SICKPD</entry></row><row><entry>StartDate</entry><entry>Beginning date the pay type can be used in a calculation.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>1/1/2018</entry></row><row><entry>EndDate</entry><entry>End date the pay type can be used in a calculation.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>3/31/2018</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
        </section><section>
            <title>Persona Batch Assignment</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>Coid</entry><entry>Component company code.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>A01B2</entry></row><row><entry>EmployeeNumber</entry><entry>Employee number.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>123456789</entry></row><row><entry>FirstName</entry><entry>Employee's first name.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>Sue</entry></row><row><entry>LastName</entry><entry>Employee's last name.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>Smith</entry></row><row><entry>OrgLevel</entry><entry>Organization levels 1-4.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>SOUTH</entry></row><row><entry>Location</entry><entry>Employee's location of the job.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>TXLOC</entry></row><row><entry>Job</entry><entry>Employee's job code.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>SALES</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
            <p>Input for the following columns is optional: StartDate, EndDate, TimeCode, ShiftPattern, ShiftPatternStartDay, PayRuleGroup, TimesheetEditRights, LaborMetricGroup, TimesheetConfigurationGroup, MealWaiver, BreakWaiver, RoleAssignment, TouchBaseGroup, TimesheetApprovalNotification, TimesheetModificationNotification, TimesheetRejectionNotification, TimesheetSubmissionNotification, RetroTimesheetApprovalNotification, RetroTimesheetModificationNotification, RetroTimesheetRejectionNotification, RetroTimesheetApprovalNotification, and RetroTimesheetSubmissionNotification.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Shifts</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>pk:ShiftName</entry><entry/><entry>Yes</entry><entry>Night Shift</entry></row><row><entry>StartTime</entry><entry>Number of minutes past midnight that the shift begins.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>480</entry></row><row><entry>EndTime</entry><entry>Number of minutes past midnight that the shift ends.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>960</entry></row><row><entry>Attendance</entry><entry>Duration in minutes.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>480</entry></row><row><entry>Absence</entry><entry>Duration in minutes.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>480</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
        </section><section>
            <title>Shift Patterns</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>pk:ShiftPatternName</entry><entry>Name of the shift pattern.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>Days 1-5 Standard</entry></row><row><entry>NumberOfDays</entry><entry>Number of days in the rotation.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>7</entry></row><row><entry>pk:DayNumber</entry><entry>Day of the rotation that you want to assign the shift to.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>1, 2, 3, etc.</entry></row><row><entry>ShiftName</entry><entry>Name of shift. Separate column for each shift.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>Standard Shift or Day Off</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
        </section><section>
            <title>Time Codes</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>pk:TimeCode</entry><entry>Name of the time code.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>WRK, MEAL, BREAK, HOLPD, or SICKP</entry></row><row><entry>TimeDescription</entry><entry>Description of the time code.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>Work, Meal, Break, Holiday, or Sick</entry></row><row><entry>PayType</entry><entry>Default pay type when the time code is used.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>REG, UNPD, or HOL</entry></row><row><entry>TimeCodeDataType</entry><entry>This identifies the type of data the time code will store.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>TIME, CURRENCY, or NUMERIC</entry></row><row><entry>TimeCodeEntryType</entry><entry>Default entry type.</entry><entry>Required if data type is Time</entry><entry>HOURLY or DURATION</entry></row><row><entry>NumericUnit</entry><entry>Description field of the unit for display on the timesheet</entry><entry>Required if data type is Numeric</entry><entry>Miles</entry></row><row><entry>DecimalPlaces</entry><entry>Number of decimal places to display for Numeric type.</entry><entry>Required if data type is Numeric</entry><entry>1-6</entry></row><row><entry>CurrencyFormat</entry><entry>Currency format for timesheet entry and display.</entry><entry>Required if data type is Currency</entry><entry>US</entry></row><row><entry>StartDate</entry><entry>Beginning date the time code can be used.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>12/25/2018</entry></row><row><entry>EndDate</entry><entry>Ending date the time code can be used.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>10/15/2018</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
        </section><section>
            <title>Timesheet Information Imports</title>
            <p>Several imports are available for timesheet information: Punches, Punch Pairs, and Timesheet Edits.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Punches</title>
        </section><section>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>employeeNumber</entry><entry>Employee number.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>123456789</entry></row><row><entry>Coid</entry><entry>Component company code.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>A01B2</entry></row><row><entry>punchType</entry><entry>Type of punch.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>CHECK_IN, BREAK_END, or TRANSFER</entry></row><row><entry>punchTime</entry><entry>Time of the punch in ISO 8601 format. If no offset information is specified, the employee’s time zone is used.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>2018-07-11T09:05:00-0400 or 2018-07-11T09:05:00Z</entry></row><row><entry>latitude</entry><entry>Geographical latitude of the punch.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>43.642570</entry></row><row><entry>longitude</entry><entry>Geographical longitude of the punch.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>79.389245</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
            <p>Input for the following columns is optional: Latitude, Longitude, TIME_CODE, JOB, LOCATION, PROJECT, SHIFT, ORGLVL1, ORGLVL2, ORGLVL3, and ORGLVL4.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Punch Pairs</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>employeeNumber</entry><entry>Employee number.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>123456789</entry></row><row><entry>coid</entry><entry>Component company code.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>A01B2</entry></row><row><entry>date</entry><entry>Timesheet date to apply punches to.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>2018-07-11</entry></row><row><entry>startTime</entry><entry>Time of the In punch in ISO 8601 format. If no offset information is specified, the employee’s time zone is used.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>2018-07-11T09:05:00-0400 or 2018-07-11T09:05:00Z</entry></row><row><entry>endTime</entry><entry>Time of the Out punch in ISO 8601 format. If no offset information is specified, the employee’s time zone is used.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>2018-07-11T17:03:00Z or 2018-07-11T17:03:00</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
            <p>Input for the following columns is optional: TIME_CODE (value is applied to the In punch), JOB, LOCATION, PROJECT, SHIFT, ORGLVL1, ORGLVL2, ORGLVL3, and ORGLVL4.</p>
        </section><section>
            <title>Timesheet Edits</title>
            <table colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="1"/><colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="c3" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="3"/><colspec colname="c4" colwidth="1.0*" colnum="4"/><thead><row><entry>Column Name</entry><entry>Description</entry><entry>Value required?</entry><entry>Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>employeeNumber</entry><entry>Employee number.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>123456789</entry></row><row><entry>coid</entry><entry>Component company code.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>A01B2</entry></row><row><entry>date</entry><entry>Timesheet date to apply the edits to.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>2018-07-11</entry></row><row><entry>editType</entry><entry>Type of edit to apply.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>One of four options: HOURLY_TIME_EDIT, DURATION_EDIT, CURRENCY_EDIT, or NUMERIC_EDIT</entry></row><row><entry>startTime</entry><entry>Time of the In punch in ISO 8601 format. If no offset information is specified, the employee’s time zone is used.</entry><entry>Yes (when HOURLY_TIME_EDIT is specified – ignored otherwise)</entry><entry>2018-07-11T09:05:00-0400 or 2018-07-11T09:05:00Z</entry></row><row><entry>endTime</entry><entry>Time of the Out punch in ISO 8601 format. If no offset information is specified, the employee’s time zone is used.</entry><entry>Yes (when HOURLY_TIME_EDIT is specified – ignored otherwise)</entry><entry>2018-07-11T17:03:00Z or 2018-07-11T17:03:00</entry></row><row><entry>duration</entry><entry>Duration in minutes.</entry><entry>Yes (when DURATION_EDIT is specified – ignored otherwise)</entry><entry>480</entry></row><row><entry>currency</entry><entry>Currency value for the edit.</entry><entry>Yes (when DURATION_EDIT is specified – ignored otherwise)</entry><entry>120.50</entry></row><row><entry>numeric</entry><entry>Numeric value for the edit.</entry><entry>Yes (when DURATION_EDIT is specified – ignored otherwise)</entry><entry>444.5</entry></row><row><entry>TIME_CODE</entry><entry>Time code to apply to the edit.</entry><entry>Yes</entry><entry>WRK</entry></row><row><entry>PAY_TYPE</entry><entry>Pay type to apply to the edit. This defaults to the time code’s pay type if not specified.</entry><entry>No</entry><entry>REG</entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>
            <p>Input for the following columns is optional: JOB, LOCATION, PROJECT, SHIFT, ORGLVL1, ORGLVL2, ORGLVL3, and ORGLVL4.</p>
        </section></conbody></concept>