<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//ULTIMATE SOFTWARE//DTD DITA ULTITASK//EN" "ultiTask.dtd" [
]>
<task id="dfb_xrx_c2b"><title>Create a Labor Metric Group</title><shortdesc>Labor metrics are quantifiable groups such as departments and pay shifts. Labor metrics enable you to focus on groups of employees.</shortdesc><prolog><source>Astoria</source><metadata><audience type="MM"/><audience type="ENT"/><prodinfo><prodname/><vrmlist><vrm version=""/></vrmlist><component/></prodinfo><othermeta name="language" content=""/><othermeta name="locale" content=""/><othermeta name="feature" content=""/></metadata></prolog><taskbody><context>
            <p><menucascade><uicontrol>My Team</uicontrol><uicontrol>Workforce Management</uicontrol><uicontrol>Time</uicontrol><uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol><uicontrol>Labor Metric Groups</uicontrol></menucascade></p>
        </context><steps><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Create</uicontrol>. (The Labor Metric Groups page lists all labor metrics that have already been configured as business rules in UltiPro.)</cmd></step><step><cmd>Enter the name.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Expand each applicable labor metric (for example, Location, Project, Region, Division, Department, Branch, Campaign, Timesheet, Activity, and Project), and then select the value(s) within each labor metric. The selected values will be available for employees to select on their timesheets, web clock, or TouchBase clock.</cmd></step><step><cmd>Indicate whether to allow cascading labor metrics or linking labor metrics. (If either of these is selected, a second page must be completed.) The options for this setting are: </cmd><info>
                    <ul><li>
                            <uicontrol>Do Not Allow</uicontrol> - This is the default. Cascading or linking labor metrics are not allowed.</li><li><uicontrol>Cascade Labor Metrics</uicontrol> - Cascading values may be used multiple times, and administrators can indicate the number of mandatory levels (1:1 or 1:Many) and the hierarchy of the levels.</li><li><uicontrol>Link Labor Metrics</uicontrol> - Linking values cannot be reused, and only one labor metric can be selected per group. The linkage setting is reflected at any device capturing time and on the timesheet.</li></ul>
                </info></step><step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd></step></steps></taskbody></task>